Creates AI Assistant use cases section (#5303)
elastic/security-docs: docs/assistant/security-assistant.asciidoc

[[set-up-ai-assistant]]
== Set up AI Assistant

> You must create a generative AI connector before you can use AI Assistant. AI Assistant can connect to multiple large language model (LLM) providers so you can select the best model for your needs. For information about setting up a connector, refer to <<llm-connector-guides,LLM connector setup guides>>.

Reviewer: Possible streamline:
```suggestion
You must create a generative AI connector before you can use AI Assistant. AI Assistant can connect to multiple large language model (LLM) providers so you can select the best model for your needs. To set up a connector, refer to <<llm-connector-guides,LLM connector setup guides>>.
```
